README: Document 'BUILD_INTERNAL_TESTS' (#417)
qxmpp-project/qxmpp: README.md

    BUILD_DOCUMENTATION           to build the documentation (default: false)
    BUILD_EXAMPLES                to build the examples (default: true)
    BUILD_TESTS                   to build the unit tests (default: true)

>     BUILD_INTERNAL_TESTS          to build the unit tests for internal classes marked with QXMPP_AUTOTEST_EXPORT (default: false)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    BUILD_INTERNAL_TESTS          to build the unit tests testing private parts of the API (default: false)
```
